#The Japanese have established a small base on the island near the German
coast. This is NOT tolerable, but the Japanese deny the existence of this
installation. Your mission is to completely wipe out all enemy activity
on this rocky island. This will be extremely easy, because our intelligence
reports show very light air defense capabilities.

#A few days after the destruction of the Japanese stronghold, the Japanese
launched a counter-attack against our airfield. Your mission is to destroy
ALL Japanese bombers, before they can inflict any serious damage against our
airfield. Are you still here? Get over there, NOW!

#The English have violated our air territory, and we have a fierce combat
going on out there. Your mission is to escort your wingman over the channel
to the English territory. There won't be much enemy air activity, but it
is still possible that they try a few escorted bombing raids. Just be
sure that you will come back in one piece.

#When you were at the English Channel, the Finnish and English launched a
bombing raid against the Japanese. Now we are having a good opportunity to 
win the trust of the Japanese by answering their distress call. After our success we
are able to conquer the Japanese bases very easily, because they certainly
would not expect the attack.

#One of our top-agents was captured by enemy forces, and he is currently
being interrogated. In the building, where our agent is held, there are also
very high-level commanders from Finland, Japan and England. So we have an
excellent chance to wipe out all the commanders and therefore neutralize
the possibility that our treachery against the Japanese would be revealed. 
This will, however, cost the life of our top-agent, but his memory will be
respected. The intelligence reports that there are no enemy air-activity,
but the tent has heavy air defense capabilities.

#The bad news first: Our intelligence were wrong! When we got the message
about the interrogation, it was probably already over. Now we are having a
total war against all the other countries, but we count on you! You must be 
an ace to win this final battle for us, and now you have a good chance to 
prove it! Then the good news: We managed to recover our agent!

#The German infantry troops are having a beach-head, and one of our
coastal bases are threatened. Your mission is, of course, to kill as many
enemy soldiers as possible. You probably won't be able to neutralize all of
them, but our boys will handle the rest who manage to avoid your fire.

#We have located a secret English plane-production complex at the
mountains. This is not acceptable and your mission is to wipe out the
whole complex. Our scouts are reporting quite weak air defense
capabilities, but it is never good to underestimate the enemy.

#The German forces are again trying to capture our base. But the last time
was a joke compared to this attack wave, because now there are heavy
escort forces supporting the infantry. The Germans have somehow been able
to construct a very small base with airport! So, you and your wingmen
are confronted by at least 5 enemy planes. The last thing is that we have
much smaller infantry forces this time, but we have managed to build some
air defense.

#The English have bought some troops from us, and our troops need heavy
escort to pass through the enemy camps. The English are also sending some
air support, but we cannot count on that very much. Intelligence reports
heavy air defense capabilities, so keep your eyes open. Our troops will
depart in two squads: The first one is only a decoy, but the last squad of
ten soldiers MUST survive!

#The English and Japanese are very intrested in high quantity and 
quality of our forests. However, now when the war rages, it is
impossible to even consider doing business with other countries. It
is your mission to offer protection for those trees, and neutralize the
enemy attack.

#The other countries have combined their forces after the failed
wood storage attack, and they have decided to get completely rid of us!
The timing is really bad, because we are having shortage on almost
everything. Therefore, you and your two wingmen are our last hope to
survive. The other choice is to surrender, but we are giving you a
chance to avoid it, so get in your plane and show them what are 
Finnish pilots made of!

#The Finnish are receiving some major backup forces, and these backups are
planning to settle in three storehouses and therefore it is necessary to
destroy these tactical targets. Unfortunately, the Finnish have secured the
area with a many squads of infantry troops, and we are only capable to give
one plane for this mission.

#Our agent in Japan has managed to steal their attack plans against England.
Now you are up to do a very patriotic deed and escort this envelope to our
nearest command establishment. And this deed is patriotic because the only
plane we got on this airport is very old and we are having a shortage on
ammunition and fuel. Our intelligence has not yet managed to get enemy air
defense activity on this region.

#The plans you have delivered have been very useful and we have been able to
coordinate a bombing raid to the heart of the Japanese base. You and your
wingman have several targets to destroy, and heavy resistance will be
expected, both air and ground.

#<shhhhhhshhhhh> <rits> when <shhhh> do <rits> <shhhh> ...and do it fast!

#The Germans are executing a very, very smart plan with the others against
our native country: They are going to combine their forces and build a tunnel
UNDER the channel! Outrageous! This would give the other countries a crushing
advantage against us, and even the prime minister himself paused his teabreak 
to arrive to an emergency conference. You and your wingmen are going to
destroy every possible storehouse located on the other side of the channel.
 Move it!

#Our estimations have gone badly wrong, and we have earned the wrath of the other
countries. Those stores included the parts for the new palace, and the others 
were up to offer peace. Too bad that now they cannot offer anything but
bombs! But this doesn't mean that we are going to surrender, no, this means
WAR! The site of this conflict is a lagoon, and all air activity is launched
from small island bases. We count on you, and even if you will be killed 
in action, your death will be respected and you are going to have a great 
funeral.

#The Finnish have captured one of our bases, and are now stealing our technology.
On this moment they are building some heavy air defense, and we will rather 
destroy our "own" base than give our technology to the Finnish. The only
problem is that we haven't got enough time to wait for the reinforcements, so 
you have ONLY one plane for this mission. We are also sending all of our men, 
who are capable to carry a gun to aid you on your mission. Good luck!

#Our intelligence has revealed the location of the Finnish base, and to prevent
any further attacks against our base we are launching a squadron of planes to
destroy the Finnish base. You and your wingmen should be able to avoid their 
ground defenses, but the German fighters can cause some trouble.

#The filthy Germans have captured one of our high-level commanders, and they
insist us to pay ransom for him. This is outrageous, and we are planning to
destroy the whole camp, and thanks to our surprise attack our commander
probably avoids the execution. Hurry up!

#We are now in a very critical situation! Our scientists have just finished a
new battleship prototype, and technicans have already constructed the parts for
the ship. But few days ago our intelligence uncovered an English agent amongst
the technicans, and within the interrogation he revealed that the English
already know about it, and they are sending a squad of bombers to demolish
the prototype! And because the English are willing to prevent our
technological advantage, they have hired some Finnish mercenary pilots. Because 
we would face such superior numbers of enemy planes, we had
no choice but to ask the help of the Germans. The price was heavy, plans of our
battleship, but we had no choice.

#The Finnish forces have invited the high-level commanders from England and
Germany to a Finnish sauna. We have a good opportunity to deprive the lives
of those commanders and probably no one would know what happened. There is, for
your nuisence, one Finnish base between us and our target. This mission is
highly important, so don't miss any of your bombs.

#One of the commanders probably survived because the enemies are causing serious 
havoc in our country. So we are alone against all of them, and the only thing you have 
is your wingmen. Do not let us down, pilot, because you are probably our last hope
before seppuku!

